docs/get-involved/index.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Get involved
---

Welcome to the [cardano.org](https://cardano.org) website. We believe that this website should be managed by a collective and not a single entity. For this to be successful, the website relies on your contributions.  

[cardano.org](https://cardano.org) follows an incremental evolution model. This repository avoids full rebuild projects, agency-led redesigns, or "start from scratch" initiatives unless there is a demonstrated, documented and reviewed technical need. Improvements should be made through small, reviewable, continuously shipped changes.

**Everyone can contribute** - whether you're a developer, designer, writer, project builder, or just someone passionate about Cardano. This page will help you find the right way to get involved.

---

## Quick Start Contributions

### No Coding Required

These contributions require no technical skills - perfect for getting started:

#### Share Your Ideas
- [Suggest new features or improvements](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/discussions/categories/ideas) - have an idea for the website? Share it!
- [Report issues or bugs](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/issues/new) - found something broken? Let us know!
- [Join discussions](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/discussions) - participate in conversations about the website's direction

#### Add Your Project to the Ecosystem
- **[Add your application](/docs/get-involved/add-app)** - showcase your dApp, wallet, or tool running on Cardano
- **[Add your company](/docs/get-involved/add-company)** - list your organization building on Cardano
- **[Add your exchange](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/issues/355)** - help crowdsource the exchange database
- **[Create an event highlight](/docs/get-involved/create-a-event)** - promote your Cardano event
- **[Create a news article](/docs/get-involved/create-a-news-article)** - share important ecosystem news

:::tip Start Here
Adding your project is the easiest way to contribute! It takes 5-10 minutes and requires no coding experience. Just follow our step-by-step guides.
:::

---

## Content Contributions

Help improve the information and resources on cardano.org:

### For Writers & Editors
- **Fix typos and improve clarity** - even small improvements matter
- **Update outdated information** - keep the content fresh and accurate
- **Improve translations** - help make content accessible in more languages
- **Write tutorials** - share your knowledge with the community

### How to Contribute Content
1. **Simple edits**: Click the "Edit this page" link at the bottom of any page
2. **Larger changes**: [Set up a local copy](/docs/get-involved/local-copy) and make changes
3. **New pages**: Follow our [page creation tutorial](/docs/get-involved/create-a-page)

:::info Pro Tip
Before starting major content work, [discuss your idea](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/discussions) first to ensure it aligns with the website's goals.
:::

---

## Developer Contributions

### For Developers of All Levels

Whether you want to contribute to **cardano.org** (this site) or **[developers.cardano.org](https://developers.cardano.org)** (the developer portal), there are opportunities at every skill level. Both are open-source projects welcoming contributions!

**Contributing to developers.cardano.org?** Check out the [contribution guide](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/developer-portal).

#### Beginner-Friendly Tasks
- **Fix broken links** - help maintain website quality
- **Improve accessibility** - make the site usable for everyone
- **Add missing documentation** - document undocumented features
- **Fix small bugs** - look for issues tagged as "good first issue"

#### Intermediate Tasks
- **Improve existing components** - enhance UI/UX of current components
- **Add new features** - implement requested features from discussions
- **Create new components** - build reusable React components

#### Advanced Contributions
- **Architecture improvements** - optimize the codebase structure
- **Complex features** - tackle challenging technical problems, look for issues tagged as "help wanted"

### Component Development
We have a growing library of reusable components. Check out:
- **[Component Documentation](/docs/get-involved/components/)** - see all (documented) components
- **[AppList Component](/docs/get-involved/components/app-list)** - compact app listing
- **[DexGrid Component](/docs/get-involved/components/dex-grid)** - DEX showcase grid
- **[FAQ Component](/docs/get-involved/faq-component)** - collapsible Q&A sections

### Getting Started as a Developer
1. **[Install locally](/docs/get-involved/local-copy)** - set up your development environment
2. **Explore the codebase** - familiarize yourself with the structure
3. **Pick an issue** - choose from [open issues](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/issues)
4. **Make your changes** - follow our coding standards
5. **Submit a PR** - use our pull request template

---

## Design Contributions

Help improve the visual design and user experience:

- **UI/UX improvements** - suggest better layouts and interactions
- **Design consistency** - identify and fix inconsistencies
- **Mobile optimization** - improve the mobile experience
- **Accessibility** - ensure the site works for all users
- **Component designs** - create mockups for new components

:::note
Design contributions can be shared as mockups, Figma files, or detailed descriptions in discussions.
:::

---

## Data & Analytics

Help maintain accurate data across the website:

- **Update transaction statistics** - help maintain [transaction rankings](/docs/get-involved/tx-rankings)
- **Verify app information** - ensure listed apps are accurate and up-to-date
- **Improve data quality** - identify and fix data inconsistencies
- **Add missing data** - help fill gaps in our databases

---

## Community Support

Help others contribute successfully:

- **Answer questions** - help newcomers in discussions
- **Review pull requests** - provide feedback on contributions
- **Test changes** - verify that PRs work as expected
- **Write tutorials** - document your contribution process
- **Mentor contributors** - guide others through their first contributions

---

## What You Should Know

Before contributing, familiarize yourself with these resources:

### Essential Reading
- **[README](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/?tab=readme-ov-file)** - project overview and setup
- **[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/blob/staging/CONTRIBUTING.md)** - contribution guidelines
- **[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/blob/staging/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)** - community standards

### Communication Channels
- **[Discussions](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/discussions)** - for idea-level conversations
- **[Issues](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/issues)** - for concrete plans and task management
- **[Cardano Discord](/docs/communities/#cardano-on-discord)** - for real-time chat and questions

### Style & Quality
- **[Editorial Guidelines](/docs/glossary)** - maintain consistency across content
- **[Component Docs](/docs/get-involved/components/)** - use existing components correctly
- **[Style Guide](/docs/glossary/#cardano-glossary)** - follow writing conventions

---

## Contribution Workflow

Every contribution follows this lifecycle:

```
Idea → Discussion → Issue → Implementation → PR → Review → Preview → Merge
```

1. **Idea**: Start with a concept or problem to solve
2. **Discussion**: Share and refine your idea with the community
3. **Issue**: Create a concrete plan with clear acceptance criteria
4. **Implementation**: Make your changes (code, content, design, etc.)
5. **PR**: Submit a pull request using our template
6. **Review**: Maintainers and community review your work
7. **Preview**: Test your changes on the staging site
8. **Merge**: Your contribution goes live!

:::tip
For non-trivial changes, discussion is required before implementation. This saves time and ensures alignment with project goals.
:::

---

## Need Help?

- **New to GitHub?** Check out the [GitHub Hello World guide](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/)
- **New to Docusaurus?** See the [Docusaurus documentation](https://docusaurus.io/docs)
- **Questions about Cardano?** Visit [developers.cardano.org](https://developers.cardano.org)
- **General questions?** Ask in [Discussions](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/discussions)
- **Real-time help?** Join the [Cardano Discord](/docs/communities/#cardano-on-discord)

---

## Recognition

All contributors are valued and recognized:
- Your name appears in the repository's contributor list
- Significant contributions may be highlighted in release notes
- Active contributors may be invited to join the maintainer team

**Thank you for helping make cardano.org better for everyone!**

Commit message:

Separate glossary and style guide (#407)
* Seperate glossary and editorial style guide

* Add more terms to glossary

docs/get-involved/index.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Get involved
---

Welcome to the [cardano.org](https://cardano.org) website. We believe that this website should be managed by a collective and not a single entity. For this to be successful, the website relies on your contributions.  

[cardano.org](https://cardano.org) follows an incremental evolution model. This repository avoids full rebuild projects, agency-led redesigns, or "start from scratch" initiatives unless there is a demonstrated, documented and reviewed technical need. Improvements should be made through small, reviewable, continuously shipped changes.

**Everyone can contribute** - whether you're a developer, designer, writer, project builder, or just someone passionate about Cardano. This page will help you find the right way to get involved.

---

## Quick Start Contributions

### No Coding Required

These contributions require no technical skills - perfect for getting started:

#### Share Your Ideas
- [Suggest new features or improvements](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/discussions/categories/ideas) - have an idea for the website? Share it!
- [Report issues or bugs](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/issues/new) - found something broken? Let us know!
- [Join discussions](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/discussions) - participate in conversations about the website's direction

#### Add Your Project to the Ecosystem
- **[Add your application](/docs/get-involved/add-app)** - showcase your dApp, wallet, or tool running on Cardano
- **[Add your company](/docs/get-involved/add-company)** - list your organization building on Cardano
- **[Add your exchange](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/issues/355)** - help crowdsource the exchange database
- **[Create an event highlight](/docs/get-involved/create-a-event)** - promote your Cardano event
- **[Create a news article](/docs/get-involved/create-a-news-article)** - share important ecosystem news

:::tip Start Here
Adding your project is the easiest way to contribute! It takes 5-10 minutes and requires no coding experience. Just follow our step-by-step guides.
:::

---

## Content Contributions

Help improve the information and resources on cardano.org:

### For Writers & Editors
- **Fix typos and improve clarity** - even small improvements matter
- **Update outdated information** - keep the content fresh and accurate
- **Improve translations** - help make content accessible in more languages
- **Write tutorials** - share your knowledge with the community

### How to Contribute Content
1. **Simple edits**: Click the "Edit this page" link at the bottom of any page
2. **Larger changes**: [Set up a local copy](/docs/get-involved/local-copy) and make changes
3. **New pages**: Follow our [page creation tutorial](/docs/get-involved/create-a-page)

:::info Pro Tip
Before starting major content work, [discuss your idea](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/discussions) first to ensure it aligns with the website's goals.
:::

---

## Developer Contributions

### For Developers of All Levels

Whether you want to contribute to **cardano.org** (this site) or **[developers.cardano.org](https://developers.cardano.org)** (the developer portal), there are opportunities at every skill level. Both are open-source projects welcoming contributions!

**Contributing to developers.cardano.org?** Check out the [contribution guide](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/developer-portal).

#### Beginner-Friendly Tasks
- **Fix broken links** - help maintain website quality
- **Improve accessibility** - make the site usable for everyone
- **Add missing documentation** - document undocumented features
- **Fix small bugs** - look for issues tagged as "good first issue"

#### Intermediate Tasks
- **Improve existing components** - enhance UI/UX of current components
- **Add new features** - implement requested features from discussions
- **Create new components** - build reusable React components

#### Advanced Contributions
- **Architecture improvements** - optimize the codebase structure
- **Complex features** - tackle challenging technical problems, look for issues tagged as "help wanted"

### Component Development
We have a growing library of reusable components. Check out:
- **[Component Documentation](/docs/get-involved/components/)** - see all (documented) components
- **[AppList Component](/docs/get-involved/components/app-list)** - compact app listing
- **[DexGrid Component](/docs/get-involved/components/dex-grid)** - DEX showcase grid
- **[FAQ Component](/docs/get-involved/faq-component)** - collapsible Q&A sections

### Getting Started as a Developer
1. **[Install locally](/docs/get-involved/local-copy)** - set up your development environment
2. **Explore the codebase** - familiarize yourself with the structure
3. **Pick an issue** - choose from [open issues](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/issues)
4. **Make your changes** - follow our coding standards
5. **Submit a PR** - use our pull request template

---

## Design Contributions

Help improve the visual design and user experience:

- **UI/UX improvements** - suggest better layouts and interactions
- **Design consistency** - identify and fix inconsistencies
- **Mobile optimization** - improve the mobile experience
- **Accessibility** - ensure the site works for all users
- **Component designs** - create mockups for new components

:::note
Design contributions can be shared as mockups, Figma files, or detailed descriptions in discussions.
:::

---

## Data & Analytics

Help maintain accurate data across the website:

- **Update transaction statistics** - help maintain [transaction rankings](/docs/get-involved/tx-rankings)
- **Verify app information** - ensure listed apps are accurate and up-to-date
- **Improve data quality** - identify and fix data inconsistencies
- **Add missing data** - help fill gaps in our databases

---

## Community Support

Help others contribute successfully:

- **Answer questions** - help newcomers in discussions
- **Review pull requests** - provide feedback on contributions
- **Test changes** - verify that PRs work as expected
- **Write tutorials** - document your contribution process
- **Mentor contributors** - guide others through their first contributions

---

## What You Should Know

Before contributing, familiarize yourself with these resources:

### Essential Reading
- **[README](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/?tab=readme-ov-file)** - project overview and setup
- **[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/blob/staging/CONTRIBUTING.md)** - contribution guidelines
- **[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/blob/staging/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)** - community standards

### Communication Channels
- **[Discussions](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/discussions)** - for idea-level conversations
- **[Issues](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/issues)** - for concrete plans and task management
- **[Cardano Discord](/docs/communities/#cardano-on-discord)** - for real-time chat and questions

### Style & Quality
- **[Style Guide](/docs/get-involved/style-guide)** - writing conventions and terminology standards
- **[Glossary](/docs/glossary)** - definitions of Cardano terms
- **[Component Docs](/docs/get-involved/components/)** - use existing components correctly

---

## Contribution Workflow

Every contribution follows this lifecycle:

```
Idea → Discussion → Issue → Implementation → PR → Review → Preview → Merge
```

1. **Idea**: Start with a concept or problem to solve
2. **Discussion**: Share and refine your idea with the community
3. **Issue**: Create a concrete plan with clear acceptance criteria
4. **Implementation**: Make your changes (code, content, design, etc.)
5. **PR**: Submit a pull request using our template
6. **Review**: Maintainers and community review your work
7. **Preview**: Test your changes on the staging site
8. **Merge**: Your contribution goes live!

:::tip
For non-trivial changes, discussion is required before implementation. This saves time and ensures alignment with project goals.
:::

---

## Need Help?

- **New to GitHub?** Check out the [GitHub Hello World guide](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/)
- **New to Docusaurus?** See the [Docusaurus documentation](https://docusaurus.io/docs)
- **Questions about Cardano?** Visit [developers.cardano.org](https://developers.cardano.org)
- **General questions?** Ask in [Discussions](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-org/discussions)
- **Real-time help?** Join the [Cardano Discord](/docs/communities/#cardano-on-discord)

---

## Recognition

All contributors are valued and recognized:
- Your name appears in the repository's contributor list
- Significant contributions may be highlighted in release notes
- Active contributors may be invited to join the maintainer team

**Thank you for helping make cardano.org better for everyone!**
